2.1
a) Both the Hill-climbing solution and the Simulated annealing solution get to the correct solution of 15.0
b) The Hill-climbing solution will be (slightly) faster because once it gets to the top it stops moving whereas the
 annealing solution may keep moving around for a while afterwards.
c) The starting value does not make any difference, both will get to the correct solution.
d) If we change the delta value, we change how much the "tracker" can move at any step. For example, if we start at an
even number and set delta to 2, we will end up at either 14 or 16, not 15 because the end will have to also be even.
e) It changes over time how adventurous the annealing algorithm will be. At the beginning the algorithm will be more
likely to go "downhill" but that probability will go exponentially down, determined by this function.

2.2
a), b) The sine function is interesting because there are many possible local maximum values. The hill climbing solution
 will depend on where the algorithm starts, since it will climb to the top of the nearest hill. The simulated annealing
 solution can theoretically end up at the peak of any hill along the line, but since it is more likely to go downhill it
 can end up at a higher maximum.

c) Modifying delta seems to have made the simulated annealing solution more consistently get to x > 30.

d)
The hill climbing solution has a maximum value of whatever hill it starts on, up to a maximum of 30. The simulated
annealing has theoretically infinite capabilities, going beyond the scope of the initial possible values. Therefore the
simulated annealing approach is better.

2.3
a) The hill climbing does nothing more with the extra restarts. If it can't go up anymore it just quits. The simulated
annealing solution uses the extra restarts to see if it can go up even further, especially if it had gone exploring
downhill.
b) The average run for hill-climbing is between 0 and 30, depending on where the initial x value is. The simulated
annealing solution has been averaging 40-45.
c) The simulated annealing solution is better because it can do well in more kinds of environments. The hill-climbing
solution is only valuable if there are no local maxima.

2.4
a) Both algorithms might be able to be used by a beam search, but it would make more sense for the search to use the
hill-climbing algorithm. If we survey a large enough domain then we are less likely to find a local maximum. The
annealing algorithm would not always be a good fit because if it chooses to explore a downhill solution and the domain
shrinks then it will be hard to go back up that hill.
b) A lot depends on the width of the domain. If the domain is from 0-1,000,000,000 then we would have to have more space
 in-between the search values, allowing a potentially good solution to escape. With a smaller domain we would be able to
 start with a much finer search.
c) It is somewhat similar to random restarts, but we would be reducing the delta value after each iteration. This would
 allow us to narrow in on the optimal solution.